CPU benchmark questions
1) The CPU-Test will do calculations, based on the amount of prime numbers set (Parameter –cpu-max-prime=10000). It will go through all the numbers and check if the number is a prime, by dividing the number=x with all the numbers between 2 and sqrt(x).

Resulting events/values

total time: 
It is the whole duration from start to end. It does not factor the pure calculation part with many threads.

total time taken by event execution:
This is the pure calculation part where the total time from all participated threads are added up.

total number of events:
Depending on which sysbench version is used, the total number of events can be used as an performance indicator (if execution time is limited)

2) Yes,but just some small changes for AWS. GCP has some noteworthy changes, where higher processing time is reached at peak time (noon) and lower processing time reached at non-peak time (after midnight).
-----------------------------------------------------

Memory benchmark questions:

1) This test allocates a memory buffer and then does a read or write operation in the size of a pointer. This will be done until the operation type has been completed through the whole specified volume.

2) I think that the virtualization itself already requires hardware resources, which will affect the memory performance in a negative way, since the main memory is statically partitioned and the translation of addresses will add an extra step of computation.
---------------------------------------------------

Disk benchmark questions:

1) Sysbench has two different kinds of disk benchmarking. A sequential and a random one. The sequential read and write benchmarking tests the maximum performance by reading or writing one big file (should be much bigger than the memory to prevent caching results) to/from the disk. The random read/write benchmarking does this with many small files, adding up to a total defined size, which will be randomly read/written and measured.

2) The difference is, that sequential access has an advantage in searching for information if it is always accessed in the same order. It does not have to always seek and move the head from one track to another, as in random access.
---------------------------------------------------

General question:

It seems that aws is better in random disk access, so a programm accessing random small files in the disk, like a content delivery server with a lot of small files would be a proper case. Any compute-intensive task would run better in gcp. An example would be a password/small-file-hashing-server.
